The next piece of what's useful is to look
at other parts of what we can peek into,
because I mentioned that you can
peek into the store as a whole.
So we looked at state and
we looked at mutation.
And oftentimes it's useful to look at
mutations because that's when state
actually changed.
But sometimes you might wanna know
when an action happens as well,
because sometimes an action happens
even though state doesn't change.
You want to know what happened,
and why, maybe why.
And so what you can do is,
you can actually call subscribe action.
So store has a method call
subscribe action, and
it takes in an action
as the first argument.
So, just to go back to show you
what the previous code was,
because I think it's useful to
see sort of a side by side.
Previously, when you're looking
at a mutation, you would just do
store.subscribe to get a mutation, and
then you use the mutation appropriately.
But in our instance,
we are accessing the action.
And to access action,
you can't do store.subscribe,
you have to do store.subscribe action.
And that will give you the specific
action, and very similar to mutation,
you get access to the type
as well as the payload.
So you can use them however you choose,
very similar to what we did before.
And there are properties that
are accessible on the action.
So the next exercise that we'll work on,
is to modify our subscribe,
to use a subscribe action, so that we
can see how exactly that can be useful.
We'll keep, essentially when I say modify,
I mean just add subscribe action,
so you don't have to remove
what you had before.
We're just gonna add something separate.